Added Nexus Upgrade doc to Azure docs (#1052)
chocolatey/docs: src/content/docs/en-us/c4b-environments/azure/upgrading-nexus.mdx

---
order: 32
xref: c4b-azure-upgrading-nexus
title: Upgrading Nexus
description: A guide to upgrading Sonatype Nexus in the Chocolatey for Business Azure Environment
---
import Callout from '@choco/components/Callout.astro';
import Iframe from '@choco/components/Iframe.astro';
import Xref from '@components/Xref.astro';

## Upgrade Nexus in the Azure Environment

This document outlines the process for upgrading Nexus running inside our Azure Environment.

> If your server is restricted from access to the Chocolatey Community Repository, internalize the package to your internal repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Xref title="internalize the package to your internal repository" value="package-internalizer" />
```
